play song to industrial management
I am your instructor
postcode is hs301
today's agenda is very simple
when to go to the formal introduction
discuss the course information sheet
any queries
ask me my email and if possible
glass super synthetic
this is all about me
because of this pandemic
able to meet face-to-face anyway
is my beef for fine you can go through this
can I be your
in the humanities and social sciences
is it courses concerned
close as your course
dear to Faculty members in
department of HSS
me an awesome British I'm going to handle the
section
where is a post-mortem section in the end of drama teacher
please no download email IDs
and this landline to which
if it is equipped
Bolivian to follow to textbooks
is Facebook site available on Amazon
you will find the
video versions
you want to purchase them and purchasing
the first one is by William Stevenson operations management
going to follow the 1330
second by Jack and cheese
operation management 15th edition
the box Indian
Irish news
a delivery want this time is obviously going to be on
I'm going to upload my lectures
Grace and I'm going to share the link within
just done it this time
very important distribution section
where is the smallest going to rain
night candy
I am not a decided
20%
I can give you maybe your small case
maybe an open book exam
army vehicle greatest mall
writing is on the top
and digital LinkedIn exam
end of term exam
descent into pencil instructions from the Academy
turn diesel in w
15% and exam exam
victim statement example these will be British and will be informed by him
proportions
noisy reverse from last myself a subject to change depending on the current situation
Girlington
disintegrating part
we are in the photo
Institute rules as far as signing for this course is for this course will be 30% of 30
if you score listen that will be great
underfloor heating Reading
sister
reading is from as you can see from A2
3 - 20 - 60 - 15
Andy's attentive
percentage of students
glass going to be a disgrace depends on it
actually